Py working sim (#121)
SABS-R3-Epidemiology/epiabm: README.md

* `simulation_start_time`: The initial time at the start of the simulation
* `simulation_end_time`: The final time at which to stop the simulation
* `initial_infected_number`: The initial number of infected individuals in the population

> * `initial_infect_cell`: Whether to choose initial infectied indivudals from a single cell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `initial_infect_cell`: Whether to choose initial infected individuals from a single cell
```
